ls: add example (#6053)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ls.md

- Only list directories:

`ls -d {{*/}}`

> - List all files with no stat, sort, color nor any slowdown (useful when listing huge number of files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List all files with no stat, sort, color nor any slowdown
```

Reviewer 2: I don't agree with removing this parenthetical statement.  How about using "large" instead of "huge":
```suggestion
- List all files with no stat, sort, color nor any slowdown (useful when listing large numbers of files)
```
